[Music]
hi I'm Joelle Norton beauty director for
the Northwest and I'm here to share with
you my five minute makeup routine this
is my perfect everyday look and when you
use products that are multi-purpose you
can get it done very quickly it's kind
of like when you go into your closet and
you've got that perfect tea or that
classic wardrobe that you can just put
something on and get out the door
before we get started you want to prep
your skin to make sure it's completely
hydrated my go-to product is Clarins
Beauty flash ball take it warm it up and
press and Pat it into the skin your skin
will feel hydrated look luminous it's
perfect for that radiant glow next we're
gonna go to eye cream this is the step I
never skip so important to make sure
your skin around the eye is hydrated I
love the lemare I bomb intense go ahead
and take it place it roll that little
ball just around perfect hydrated ice I
also take this eye cream with me it's
always in my handbag perfect for that
two o'clock afternoon pick-me-up you'll
love it
I'm using Laura Mercier cream smooth
foundation great foundation for someone
like me that's got a normal to dry skin
I've gone ahead and put some on my hand
already and warmed it up I'm all about
using my fingers you can use the Laura
Mercier sponge if you'd like go ahead
and press it Pat it into the skin when
you're putting on foundation really look
at the areas that need to be concealed
you don't have to put foundation
everywhere quick easy I'm ready for the
next step after I've put my foundation
on I'm all about those multi-purpose
products
I love the NARS multiple stick because
you can use it on your eyes cheeks and
lips today I'm gonna go ahead and use it
on my cheeks for just a little extra pop
of color put the color into the cheek
area where you normally would blush now
we're moving on to concealer I love
Trish McEvoy flawless concealer it's
portable quick and easy again five
minutes let's go ahead and take this and
conceal around our eye area you want to
conceal any darkness that may be there a
little goes along
if you'd like to give your eyes an extra
little pop take some and dab it right at
the corner of the eye press and Pat
really gives a great little highlight
okay now we're ready for powder you
always want to set your foundation it'll
keep it on all day and I love the
Smashbox halo perfecting powder it's
hydrating perfect again for my normal to
dry skin take the Smashbox number 19
brush dip it into your product take a
little the excess off and swipe it all
over the face next we're moving on to
eyes
I love the Mac Paint Pot the color I use
every day is painterly take the color
onto your fingers blend it all over the
eye from the lash line up to the brow
this is also a great eyeshadow base
after that I'm going to take my Mac
shadows this color is vanilla I'm gonna
go ahead and take some color tap off a
little bit first area I'm going to focus
on is right underneath my brow to give a
nice highlight they don't take a little
more color and just swipe it all over
the eye vanilla is a great base shadow
again you can use this every day okay
moving on for a little contour my go-to
color from Mac again is kid I absolutely
love this eyeshadow I'm gonna take the
Laura Mercier ponytail brush and show
you how to get a great great look on
your eyes take the product again tap off
the brush a little bit all you've got to
do is take this brush place it in the
crease and do a windshield wiper motion
really easy to give you a little more
definition in that area kid is a great
color for that neutral eye next we're
moving on to eyeliner I love the Mac eye
pencil and PowerSearch I'm going to go
and take my finger and tug a little bit
on the eye
area little baby strokes are best then
you can go back and touch up where
needed it's also good about this pencil
is that you can smudge it a little bit
take your finger soften it up especially
for a daytime look you want to have it a
little bit softer you want to finish off
your eye look with a great curled lash
and lots of mascara I'm gonna use the
Shiseido eyelash curler and give a quick
curl to my lashes line it up this is
your favorite beauty tool because what
you want to do is make sure your lashes
are curled and ready for mascara I'm
gonna go ahead and take the Lancome
definicils precious sells mascara in
black start at the root of the lashes
and squiggle up to complete the look you
need a glossy lip so we're gonna use a
great dr lip pencil what i want you to
do is make sure you fill in the lips
color them in a little bit and then move
on to gloss if you need to take your
finger blend a little and then take the
NARS Balise lip gloss this is a perfect
shade for everyday go right on top
this is a perfect everyday lip again use
those multi-purpose products they're
going to get you in and out very quick
experiment try new products makeup is
fun
[Music]